Proposal: add new `headers` event (#227)
pyrates/roll: docs/changelog.md

*Analogy: git blame :p*

## dev

- **Breaking change**:
  - `request` event is now sent *after* the URL matching and the HTTP verb check,

>   please use new `headers` event for those use cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  please use the new `headers` event for these use cases.
```
